And The Last Lecture we started working on this alert which should allow the user to enter a new ingredient
and it's not finished.
But in order to be able to continue I now need to add these ingredients for an array to my forum.
So to do this I will go to my initialize for Meffert and add a fourth control which I'll name the ingredients
because it will store an array of ingredients and therefore this is not a form control but as a form
array and you need to import form array from an angle of Foreigns.
Now for an array simply holds an array of form controls.
Initially I will pass an empty array here so that we start of with no form controls added.
Now with this I added my ingredients array though it is empty.
Now of course we need to synchronize a two hour template.
So in the template of the added recipe page I want to go to my eye an item here which should be replicated
for all my newly added controls for all my ingredients and it will use energy for a year to loop through
my Ingredion controls.
I will store them in a variable named IGY control the individual control.
So this now loops from my recipe for him and there I will get my ingredients control remember ingredients
is the name I chose for disarrayed and here specifically.
I then need to loop through all the controls in this control because to control its self-esteem array.
And this does have a couple of different properties like invalid and so on.
But it also has a controlled velt value or property which stores the actual controls.
So now looping through all those controls in a store the individual control in this IGY control variable.
Splitting this romantic lines here and with this I'm replicating my eye an item here to have my different
array items right.
I also need the index of the individual array items of individual control and I will store it in a variable
named I.
You can of course choose a different name here and this simply gives me the index of this control in
this array of controls.
That's the I-N item.
Now that is nice and this allows me now to go to my iron list which in the end will hold all my controls
and assign the form array name.
Directive here and here I will point to the ingredients control because this is my Formerie and this
is how form arrays work in Angola too.
You have a parent element which you synchronize with your form array and then you have the individual
elements inside of there which represent your controls.
Specifically the IGN input here will be my individual control of course.
So on this input I now use form control name and which name does the individual input in such an array
of controls health.
It's of course the index.
So we can point this by using square brackets since we're now not passing a string but instead.
I.e..
Which of course is this variable storing the index of decontrol And with that I'm synchronizing this
input which is of course replicated since we replicate the item with the control.
I'm currently at in this loop and the whole array is synchronized with this list which of course contains
the individual inputs with that form.
Array is synchronized with my template.
I can also add floating here to the label to get this floating style.
With that that's all set up I can now go back to the recipe page and continue working on this new ingredient
alert where I want to add a new control to this array of controls.
If we click the button on the alert.
Let's continue working on this in the next lecture.